Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#7)
SafetyCulture/.github: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] List deployment sequence with all relevant PRs.
  - ...

> - [ ] If you have breaking changes, tick this to confirm that you checked other repositories in order to make sure they are not affected

Reviewer: What if other repositories _are_ affected? I think we could be more opinionated and provide more detailed advice here.
```suggestion

<!-- Does this PR cause breaking changes? If so, it is your responsibility to check that other repositories are not affected. If they are, you must plan a deployment sequence (see above) to ensure any impact is addressed. Once you have done this, put an `x` in the box -->

- [ ] For breaking changes: I have confirmed that other repos are not affected, or I have planned a deployment sequence to address any impact.
```
